fix: reset exponential backoff after task runs successfully in tasks extension (#2700)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed attachment metadata being set incorrectly in interaction responses causing the
  metadata to be ignored by Discord.
  ([#2679](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2679))

> - Fixed unexpected backoff behaviour in the tasks extension's handling of task failure
>   ([#2700](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2700))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unexpected backoff behavior in the handling of task failures
  ([#2700](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2700)).
```
